Amazing film that delivered an epic adventure story, stunning visual effects, and action.

Aquaman is an awesome bada** superhero film that delivers on an epic adventure scale with action sequences, visual effects, and a great story. I will consider this to be the best DC movie beating out Wonder Woman. The character Aquaman seems like a cheesy character to even be adapted onto the big screen. With Jason Momoa performance as the character. He makes the character bada** and even when he achieves his golden outfit.

The plot is a great adventure story. It was not rushed nor overstuffed with sub plots. It follows Atlanna (Nicole Kidman) the queen of Atlantis being rescued by a lighthouse keeper Thomas (Temuera Morrison). They both fall in love with each other and have a son named Arthur (Jason Momoa) who will soon become Aquaman. As decades fly by, Aquaman is found by Mera (Amber Heard) who informs him that his step brother Orm (Patrick Wilson) is trying to wage war against the surface people. And he is trying to unite the seven kingdoms underwater to create havoc to the surface people. With Mera and Nuidis (Willem Dafoe) help and needing to find the true trident of Atlantis in order for Aquaman to claim his rightful place in the throne. He will fight against Orm's army and hired pirates led by Black Manta (Yahya Abdul-Mateen II).

The plot delivered an epic scale adventure. Aquaman travelling to Atlantis that looked like a beautiful colorful city underwater. Was more astonishing than the Avatar film. The action sequences are big and well directed. There is a lot of action throughout. Aquaman fighting against pirates in a submarine. From the epic lifting the sub out of the water. The fight scene with Atlanna fighting against Atlantis soldiers in the opening scene with one long camera take was well choreographed. James Wan direction of having the camera rotate around the action sequences worked so well. He is known for his small budget horror movies like Saw and Insidious. His action style from Furious Seven and this film was just awesome. He delivered a great underwater chase scene that almost felt like Tron Legacy with the beautiful lighting vehicles and Atlantis lighting. And the chase scene in Italy when Aquaman and Mera are facing against Black Manta and his soldiers was thrilling. The climax battle sequence is breathtaking. With Aquaman and Orm/ Ocean Master fighting each other was the best choreographed fight scene with the cinematography work.

The visual effects are breathtaking when the action is underwater or on land. It was great on an epic scale. The cinematography work was well done that captured the action and choreography. The music score Rupert Gregon-Williams was great. And had a good score that made the movie feel like an adventure. Also, the soundtrack with a few songs in it was great and fun. Jason Momoa was great. Amber Heard is beautiful and great as Mera. Willem Dafoe, Patrick Wilson, Dolph Lundgren, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, and Nicole Kidman were all great with their characters. James Wan's direction was brilliant with making an adventure story and epic action.

Overall, Aquaman is a great film. I say it is the best DC movie out there. I definitely recommend seeing this in the big screen in theatres. If you are looking for an adventure story and exciting epic action sequences with beautiful stunning visual effects. This is the film worth seeing.